What happened back then was done by my husband
What do you know about Ximen Leopard?
Say it
Aren't you afraid to tell you?
My adoptive father is now in my kingdom
Heaven and earth are omnipotent
Wu Wangqing?
Ah!
Haha, now I know it's too late to be afraid.
Back then my adoptive father could make you half dead
Now his old man's cultivation has greatly increased
he
It's not what it used to be
There is something behind it that all beings look up to
Be a backer
What are you doing to fight my adoptive father?
Presumptuous? Am I wrong?
Don't say he's been a shrinking turtle for three years
I'm afraid I'll be reduced to a waste
Even if he is at the peak
Definitely no match for my adoptive father
I wanted to give you a chance to reform
You asked for it.
Congratulations on the recovery of strength